what's with the jeans that's how my dad
said alright I showed him the bad day
he's like oh good I'm going to come over
here to shit now
no he did it yeah cuz he lives closer
now he's like I'm pulling minutes away I
can save my shit for the or how
something thank you you know it's so
funny is how I'm cold my family is
compared to like how we are yeah our kid
I was watching my uncle and my dad
yesterday just sitting on our couch just
ice-cold gangster Hungarian style like
Eastern Bloc fucking hardcore yeah dude
like my are sons never gonna know that
they're not sweethearts yeah yeah the
killer nice yeah yeah yeah nice good
place cold exit yeah such gangsters yeah
remember when you met my ex stepmom
she's Hungarian - you were like ice
queen yeah yeah but that's not she's not
like that's how they all that's pretty
Hungarian let's just stand or dude cuz
if you smile they see it as a sign of
weakness
like Eastern blockers if you're like hi
I'm Christina they're like this girl's
fuckin retarded they think you're
retarded and weak that's so sad horrible
yeah well if you look at Putin like if
you watch ads it's just yeah the
Russians similar yeah they think you're
just a weak pussy if you show any kind
of you smile your zoo fees they're
stupid yeah like whenever we go to
restaurants and a waitress will be kind
like hi folks can I have what does folks
fuck you don't call me folks
like they're just so obsessed I'm like
they get super mad like did you leave
any room for dessert or like when they
ask you that question like like they're
so offended by it so funny I guess I'm
hungry they want to ask you that yeah I
may just all about how you're raised
right so I mean really your reaction of
things is it's based on your own
environment and culture yeah that's a
pretty hard culture hard I didn't
realize it until I've been with you for
the last 11 years nice baby yeah it's
cute good-looking baby this is a good
look
and your uncle yeah he's a little softer
because he travels and he's like kind of
more hippie leaning a little yeah like
yeah and he went to go on like yeah you
know but no my dad's all about the neon
tracksuits yeah those two are so funny
together is called I like seeing your
your dad and your uncle together yeah me
too
such a trap man but especially hanging
out with your family where you guys are
a little more normal and Americanized
like I didn't realize how cold my family
was just like ice yeah we would probably
be colder we're probably a little warmer
because of my mom's side of the family
yeah cuz they're really that's the other
end of the spectrum man know for sure
lens of that yeah they're always like
look at the baby oh you yeah yeah that's
cute